Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Your bear minds burn in the bodies of men
Sons of the wolf Fenrir
break free from your flesh
Wolves will howl in the storm of Ódinn
Warriors will fall
as the Bear claw strikes
We will fight to Valhöll!
'Til we return to human shape
Fearless. we shall drink blood
from our enemies' wounds
Together we will rage
in the battlefields of corpses!
The Father of War commands us -
Transform your skin. brothers
Slaughter-wolves. Berserkers.
become your fury!
Mother Soil. hear your daughter's prayer.
Show me the way to destroy our enslavers.
and free my love from his fire and sorrow.
You now remain our only heir.
If our luck-spirits smile upon us.
Thórir departed early
on his own ship.
Ride with me. daughters of the North wind!
Carry me and mine
to the shores of my children's forebears.
There I'll grow you a forest of birch.
fathomless branches to dance
your tempest with.
raptured by your most righteous breath!
I will avenge you.
I will honor our blood.
I will cut the thread of Fate.
I will avenge you.
I will honor our blood.
I will cut the thread of Fate.
I will avenge you.
I will honor our blood.
I will cut the thread of Fate.
I will avenge you.